content/02-projects.md, before:

---
slug: projects
title: Projects
---

# Projects Directory

## web-apps
- **E-commerce Platforms**: High-traffic B2C platforms built with React, Next.js, Node.js, and Salesforce Commerce Cloud.
- **Admin Dashboards**: Internal tools and admin panels built with Vue.js and TypeScript.
- **Payment Systems**: Implemented integrations with Google Pay and transactional workflows.

## backend-systems
- **Scalable APIs**: REST APIs and microservices built with Node.js, NestJS, Fastify, and Prisma.
- **Integrations**: Third-party integrations including DocuSign, Supabase, and external services.
- **Cloud Services**: Deployed and maintained services on AWS and Azure using Docker and CI/CD pipelines.

## experiments
- **Architecture Experiments**: Proofs of concept for microservices, authentication flows, and system scalability.
- **Performance Optimization**: Experiments focused on improving latency and backend reliability.

## contributions
- Contributed to internal tooling, shared libraries, and collaborative projects in international teams.

Commit message:

update: expand projects content with detailed descriptions

content/02-projects.md, after:

---
slug: projects
title: Projects
---

# Projects Directory

## Web Apps
- **E-commerce Platforms**: Frontend and backend features for large e-commerce products using React, Next.js, and Salesforce Commerce Cloud.
- **Admin Dashboards**: Admin and internal tools built with Vue.js and TypeScript.
- **Internal Tools**: Web tools to support operational and design workflows.

## Backend Systems
- **APIs & Services**: REST APIs built with Node.js, NestJS, Fastify, and Prisma.
- **Integrations**: Integrations with third-party services such as DocuSign, Supabase, and external APIs.
- **Cloud Deployments**: Applications deployed on AWS and Azure using Docker.

## Experiments
- **Framework Usage**: Practical work with React, Next.js, Vue.js, and NestJS while building real features.
- **Backend Patterns**: Exploring API structures, authentication flows, and service organization.
- **Tooling**: Small utilities to support development and debugging.

## Contributions
- **Feature Development**: Contributed to new features and ongoing maintenance.
- **Bug Fixing & Refactoring**: Improved stability and readability of existing codebases.
- **Team Collaboration**: Worked closely with designers, product managers, and developers in international teams.
- **Technical Discussions**: Participated in technical decisions and problem-solving.
